BOYD: Previously on From...
Miranda painted
things she saw here.
One of those paintings
was of a man in a yellow suit.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
VICTOR: We thought
he was just like us.
[GRUNTS. GROANS]
VICTOR: But he wasn't like us.
When I found Mom
out by The Bottle Tree.
I saw him.
[QUIVERS]
He was eating her.
[GLASSES CLINK]
SOPHIA: Have you ever wondered
if maybe
this is all just a dream?
[WAILS]
That thing I carried inside me.
I still feel it.
Like we're connected.
Part of me feels what he feels.
[GRUNTS]
TABITHA: There's something
about those dolls.
I think I've seen them before.
[CRASHING]
[YELLS]
[SCREAMS]
I remembered.
I remembered how to hurt them.
JADE: This is where
the children were sacrificed.
Tell me how we save them
when we've already failed.
You want me to help
plan a suicide mission
because you think
the bones of those children
are buried down there?
Yes!
There was a hidden door.
Do you remember seeing any doors
in the basement of Colony House?
BOYD: You want me
to go down in those tunnels?
Then show me the fucking door!
[YELLS]
Holy shit.
We're gonna need a plan.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[DOOR RATTLES]
[RANDALL GRUNTS. SIGHS]
[GRUNTS]
Any luck?
RANDALL: Not yet.
[EXHALES]
I'm gonna break it down.
JADE: No. you know what?
If it's sealed.
it's probably for the best.
Yeah?
Yeah.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
[SIGHS] Just in case.
Our lives
are fucking weird. man.
Yeah. they are.
[MUSIC FADES]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Nothing?
He's not upstairs.
Could be that he...
[HENRY CLEARS THROAT]
BOYD: Never mind.
Evening.
- He's drunk.
- Yeah.
You really think
now is the best time?
I don't have a choice.
Well. do you want me
to come with you?
No. I got it. I got it.
Henry!
What can I do you for?
Hey. do you...
mind coming upstairs
and having a word?
What's wrong?
Nothing. Nothing.
Is Victor okay?
Victor is fine. Look. I just...
There's something
I need to tell everyone. but...
something I think
that you and Victor
need to hear first.
So I just want to talk
to the two of you. That's all.
All right.
Whoa. whoa.
No. I'm fine.
You sure?
I need to say it again?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Are those Dad's shirts?
Yeah.
Sometimes I like
to look at his stuff too.
[SNIFFLES]
ETHAN: Julie's home.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[EXHALES]
Okay.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
Let's go talk. okay?
Giant dolls?
Mom was the one who killed it.
She stabbed it
with a voodoo totem.
[SCOFFS]
And how did you know
that would work?
Well. I. um...
I remembered.
Remembered what?
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
There's something
I need to tell you both.
And it's...
it's something that's
been very hard for me to...
to understand. to believe.
Mom...
whatever it is.
just say it.
I've been here before.
many. many times.
all the way back
to the beginning.
The last time I was here.
I was Miranda.
I was Victor's mother.
[MUSIC FADES]
Are you insane?
Henry.
I'm not listening to this.
Do you have any idea
what you just...
How dare you? How...
Maybe you should just sit down.
Don't!
You don't tell me what to do.
You come in here.
and you say those things?
That my wife...
No. Victor. let's go.
You don't
have to listen to this.
[DOOR OPENS]
It's okay. Dad.
It's okay? It's not okay.
All right. why don't we all...
No!
No more.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Victor...
do you understand
everything I said?
No one's claiming
that Tabitha is--
When I said she was here before.
that she was your mother.
you have to understand--
Please stop.
I don't want you
to talk anymore.
Okay.
I...
guess I'll go.
We need to find out
about the man in yellow.
What does this have to do
with the man in yellow?
VICTOR: Everything.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
If he's back...
it could all be happening again.
[MUSIC RISES]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
["QUE SERA. SERA" PLAYING]
♪ When I was just a little boy
♪ I asked my father
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?"
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ Whatever will be. will be
♪ The future's not ours to see
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ What will be. will be
♪ Now I have children
Of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?"
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ Whatever will be. will be
♪ The future's not ours to see
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ What will be. will be
[SONG CONCLUDES]
If you and Tabitha
were here before...
does that mean--
Were we all here before?
Uh. no.
I don't think so.
Then what the fuck
are we all doing here?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
These... These children
that were sacrificed...
they have been crying out
to Tabitha and me
for help for all these years.
And that cry.
I think on some level
maybe you heard it too.
Can we just pause for a second
and talk about the fact
that this is all
coming out of a mushroom trip?
I mean. how is this different
than any of the insane theories
people have had
about this place?
Because of the door
in the basement.
The... The door behind the wall.
[SIGHS]
Look. Kristi.
I was the first person
to call bullshit
on all of this. okay?
But the truth is.
Jade saw something in that trip
he couldn't have possibly known.
But how do we know
this isn't just... [SIGHS]
I mean. this place puts
a lot of weird shit
in our heads.
I know. Believe me.
I thought of that. too.
So how is this any different?
Because of what they did to Jim.
That message on the wall.
"Knowledge comes at a cost."
[JADE SIGHS]
It's possible
that Jim died because...
of what Tabitha
and Jade remembered.
Look. that message
was meant to scare us.
but I think the message
tells us something else.
[DISCONCERTING MUSIC PLAYING]
That we are close.
For the first time. we are close
to figuring this place out.
When your enemy threatens you.
right. tries to scare you...
that means
they are scared of you.
BAKTA: And you think
this place is scared of us
digging up
the bones of these children
because that could be
what gets us home?
Yes.
I--
[INDISTINCT WHISPERING]
I guess you told them.
Henry.
It isn't... It isn't true.
BOYD: Henry?
Whatever he said about my wife.
about Tabitha. about him.
it isn't true.
What you're doing...
Okay.
...it isn't right.
[SHUDDERS]
[INDISTINCT WHISPERING]
I got it.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
JADE: Henry. wait.
Miranda was right.
You-- Don't you say her name.
Listen to me.
Saving the children
is the only way
to get everyone home.
No!
We are trying to finish
what she started.
No!
No. you listen to me.
You might think
you're helping people.
you might think
you're smart enough
to get everyone home. but...
I promise you the only thing
you will cause is pain.
You cannot save dead things.
no matter how fucking smart
you think you are.
Hey.
Give him some time.
He'll come around.
We got things to do.
Yeah.
BOYD: Yep.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[LIGHTER CLICKS]
[INHALES]
[EXHALES]
[COUGHS]
[DOOR OPENS]
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Julie. I can smell it
through the window.
It just-- It helps me
process things. okay?
Seriously. after everything
you told us last night.
this is what
you're gonna hang up on?
Do you want Ethan to see this?
ETHAN: See what?
Nothing. Nothing.
So. is Victor my brother now?
TABITHA: What?
Well. if you were Miranda.
then wouldn't that make
me and Victor brothers?
It's not real. Ethan.
What?
Look. Mom.
I know you and Jade think
that you've unlocked
this big mystery
about this place.
but it's not real.
This place doesn't give us real.
It gives us fucked up.
twisted ideas.
Okay. okay. Julie. listen to me.
If I had any doubt
about anything...
I wouldn't have said anything.
Jade and Boyd wouldn't have told
everyone at Colony House.
They told people?
Yes.
Are you insane?
This is how we could go home.
JULIE: Mom!
I wish people
would just stop with that shit.
Where are you going?
JULIE: Somewhere
Ethan won't see.
ETHAN: What does that mean?
Nothing.
Julie!
JULIE: What?
I need to know you're okay.
I'm not okay.
But I'm not gonna hurt myself.
So...
Victor's here.
Hello.
[SIGHS] Hi. Victor.
I need...
I need to find out
about the man in yellow.
That means that
I have to do something scary.
Will you please come with me?
I'm saying that
we got one shot at this.
So we need to ask
every question we can think of.
and then we need
to ask them again.
So beside the three of us.
who's been in the tunnels?
Victor. for sure.
Tabitha.
when the house collapsed.
Great. That's a start.
We need all the info
we can get on the layout.
Uh. map it. sketch it.
whatever you need to do.
I don't care.
I want to know every entrance
and every exit to that chamber.
how long we need to dig.
and then we figure out
how not to get ourselves killed.
Right? Talk to Randall.
About what?
He spent a lot
of time on the bus
watching those things
come out of the woods at night.
So we need to get
as much intel as we can
on their behaviors.
their patterns.
At the very least. a head count.
Right?
If we're going into the nest.
I want to know exactly how many
we're dealing with. Right.
This place isn't gonna
make it easy. you know?
Once we push.
it's going to push back hard.
Yeah. I got an idea
about that. so...
What's wrong with your hand?
BOYD: Nothing. Nothing.
Look. we just told
everybody out there
some genuinely fucked-up shit.
The longer they get
to stew on it.
the greater the chance
somebody gets in their head
to do something stupid.
So. we need to do this smart.
but we gotta do it fast.
Let's get to work.
KENNY: Yes. sir.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[VIEWFINDER CLICKING]
Simpler times. huh?
[SIGHS]
That wasn't just
busy work you gave me. huh?
No.
I was hoping
you might find something useful
about Tabitha and Jade.
You really think
that they've been--
Like. I--
We're talking about
reincarnation here.
Okay. that's a whole different--
Yeah.
Look. if you're going
down into those tunnels.
you're gonna need help.
Yes. I am.
And you and me. we're gonna talk
about that when the time comes.
But right now.
I need you
back in that basement.
No. Boyd. I gotta--
Hey. no. listen. not just you.
We need a whole team down there.
And we need a second team
at the diner in the storerooms.
Looking for what?
Anything you can tell me
about a man in a yellow suit.
A man... [SIGHS]
Who the fuck is that?
Yeah. I'm hoping something
that you find might tell me--
You sure you're not
just looking for something
to keep everyone's minds off
of how fucking crazy this is?
Listen. if we're gonna do this.
we need to know exactly
what is out there
waiting for us.
[SIGHS]
Is that all you can give me?
A man in a yellow suit?
We know that he was here
in the late '70s.
when Victor was a kid.
[SIGHS] That's a start. I guess.
[GRUNTS]
Simpler times.
Yeah.
[SLIDES CLICKING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC RISES]
[SLIDES CLICKING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[MUSIC FADES]
BOYD: How's she doing?
Cognitively. she seems fine.
As far as any damage.
I got the ultrasound
from the clinic.
And?
I didn't see
anything catastrophic.
But without a CT or an MRI...
Yeah. the hard part
is just gonna be
getting her to take it easy.
Yeah.
Well. you can go see her.
BOYD: Kristi!
What?
What? Come on.
You should have told me.
About Jade and Tabitha.
I--
We're supposed to be
in this together.
Yeah-- Yeah. we are.
We are. but-- We are.
[KRISTI SIGHS]
We are.
How are you feeling?
I'm good.
KRISTI: And the tremors?
I'm dealing with them.
Still seeing things
that aren't there?
No. No. just the one time.
You've got a lot of people's
lives in your hands. Boyd.
Hmm.
Yeah.
KRISTI: Come to the clinic.
I want to do an exam.
Yeah.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Yeah?
BOYD: Hey.
How you feeling?
Better than you look.
Maybe you should be
the one lying here.
Yeah. maybe.
[DONNA CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Heard you had
a big meeting downstairs.
Yes. we did.
So you thought it would be
a good idea to gather up
a house full
of emotionally unstable people
and spend the night
talking about reincarnation
and the bones of dead children.
I didn't have a choice.
DONNA: Right.
Because you took
a fucking sledgehammer
to my wall.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
That door something
we should worry about?
No. we tried to open it.
It's sealed.
Jade said it leads
to the tunnels.
so we put
an extra talisman on it
just to be safe.
Bury Roger yet?
He's still in the shed.
DONNA: Oh. Jesus. Boyd.
We need to pick a new spot.
For what?
For burying people.
The cemete--
The cemetery's full.
We were pushing it
with Jim and the pastor.
[CLICKS TONGUE] Got any more
good news you want to bring me?
BOYD: Look...
I need you to tell me
everything you can
about those totems
you brought back
from the settlement.
The one Tabitha used
to kill that doll.
I told you everything already.
Tell me again.
Why?
Because tonight
I'm gonna find out
if they work on those things
that come out of the woods.
That's a fucking terrible idea.
Let's say you actually
kill one of those things.
Apparently
they don't even stay dead.
You ready to risk
another one of our people
going through
what Fatima just went through?
What I want
is to keep our people safe
in those tunnels.
So let's just deal with
one problem at a time. okay?
Okay.
So I need
three people with Elgin
to go through
the storeroom at the diner.
and then the rest of you
are gonna be
in the basement with me.
And remember. be quick.
but be thorough. okay?
We got this.
[GROANS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
ACOSTA: You're gonna go
with him.
Sir. you're over here. Yeah.
Hey. you got this.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[DOOR CREAKS]
What are you doing in here?
Did you know anything about him?
About Roger?
Uh. yeah.
Gardening.
Yeah. just about
every conversation we had
was about his...
his garden back home.
My mom used to tell me
that when people die.
they just go somewhere else.
She didn't really believe
in heaven or hell.
She just believed
that death was a transition
to another place
we couldn't see from here.
I remember how much comfort
that brought me
when she passed away.
But whatever that place is...
Roger doesn't get to go.
Because he's still here.
They're all still here.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
Whatever they're doing
to find those bones.
we need to help.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
BOYD: Look. so we know
they tend to spread out
down the street. right?
And according to Randall.
they've got patterns.
Some of them
have nightly rituals.
and we can use that.
So say we catch one of them
right here. right?
We hit him fast and dirty.
turn around. head right back
into the station. right?
ELLIS: Sure.
And even... even if...
even if the station is blocked.
we got plenty of exit routes
all up and down the street.
Okay. and what if
something goes wrong?
Then we improvise.
Look. those things
are used to us
cowering inside our houses.
locking the doors.
lowering the blinds.
trying to ignore them.
The last thing they expect
is for one of us
to head straight at them.
The bottom line is.
if these things can hurt them.
slow them down even.
it's going to make
going down into those tunnels
a whole lot safer.
Okay. and who's gonna be
the one running out here
with that thing?
I am.
Hello?
Anyone home?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Tabitha?
I need to talk to you.
[SIGHS]
Hello?
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
[HEART RATE MONITOR BEEPING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC RISES]
[BEEPING GETS FASTER]
[BEEPING STOPS]
[MUSIC FALLS]
[DISCONCERTING MUSIC PLAYING]
Huh?
[WHIMPERS SOFTLY]
Is that the car the man
in the yellow suit came here in?
Yeah.
So what kind of clues
are we looking for?
VICTOR: I don't know.
Let's start with the trunk.
[SIGHS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[CLUNKS]
It's not that scary.
Is that Miranda's car?
Yeah.
[CONTENTS RATTLE]
[VICTOR GASPS]
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
[CROW CAWS]
Can we go inside?
No. honey.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Why not?
[MUSIC RISES]
Mom?
VICTOR: We should go.
Did you find something?
We have to go.
We have to go right now.
Victor. what did you find?
A bag of teeth. [SIGHS]
TABITHA: A what?
There was-- Here.
[MUSIC FADES]
You should see them. Here.
No. no.
VICTOR: No.
he needs to be prepared.
Prepare-- Okay. wait.
Prepared for what?
He has to be. because--
Wait.
Are you really my mother?
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Victor.
Don't you see? Don't--
You came to town last time.
You brought a boy and a girl.
and the man in yellow showed up.
Everyone died. but not the boy.
The boy lived.
and he grew up alone and afraid.
and he wasn't prepared.
And now you're here
with a boy and a girl again.
and the man in yellow is back.
Mom. what does that mean?
No. it's fine.
You have to be prepared. Ethan.
Hey. Victor. No. Victor.
You have to know what's coming.
You need to stop. Stop it.
Stop it. Ethan.
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC CONTINUES]
What's wrong with you?
Ethan!
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Oh. hey. Come in.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to bother you.
No. no. No bother at all.
What can I do for you?
It's just. um...
I was thinking about
what you said
earlier this morning about...
about going down
into those tunnels
to dig up those bones.
Isn't that dangerous?
Uh. well. yeah.
Yeah. it is.
But it could also be
what helps us get home.
How?
Well. we're not
quite clear on that yet.
But those things
that come out at night.
people say that
they live in those tunnels.
That's right. yeah.
So. if those bones
are important.
it's not like
they're just gonna let you
go down there and take them.
No. they're not.
but... [CLEARS THROAT]
...turns out
we might have
a new card to play.
Remember this morning
when I said
that Tabitha used one of these
to kill that doll
up at the settlement?
Yeah.
Well. tonight...
we're gonna see
what they do to those things
that come out of the woods.
Really?
[EERIE MUSICAL STING PLAYS]
Is there a reason we can't
just draw a map of the tunnels?
I work better spatially.
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
JADE: It's a technique I used
when I was designing
my company. all right?
If you visualize the dimension
of what you're trying
to create. right.
the space you want
to move through.
it helps create
a more accurate--
Yeah. we're not exactly
designing a company. right?
It doesn't matter.
You apply the principles
of what you know.
KENNY: Okay.
Wait!
What did you do
before you got here?
[SIGHS]
What?
Before you came to town.
what'd you do?
What was your job?
Can we please just focus?
Oh. come on.
You know what I did.
Yes. yes. I know what you did.
Everyone knows
what you did because...
you never
shut the fuck up about it.
If I guess
will you tell me if I'm right?
No.
Firefighter.
[CLICKS FINGERS]
Manager at a retail store.
Why are those
your first two guesses?
Well. I mean...
[SIGHS] That's a lot of wires.
Yeah. we're kind of
in the middle of...
HENRY: Well.
don't let me stop you.
[CORK POPS]
What do you think Kenny did
before he got here?
Okay. I worked in youth sports.
You were a coach?
No. I was an administrator.
Coach Kenny. I like it.
No. stop.
Can we just focus on the maps?
ELLIS: Hey.
How's it going?
JADE: Kenny was a coach.
Oh. my God.
We gotta get you a whistle.
Great. Hey. Kenny.
can I talk to you outside?
Yeah.
[DOOR OPENS]
Hey. Henry. what'd you do
before you got here?
Pretty much
what I'm doing right now.
[SNIFFS]
[SHEEP BLEATING]
[CREEPY MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHICKENS CLUCKING]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[MUSIC RISES]
[INHALES]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[DOOR OPENS]
WOMAN: Do you want
to start over here?
MAN: Yeah.
WOMAN: It's right in there.
I'll be there in a second.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Hi.
What are you guys doing?
We're just going through
some stuff in the storeroom.
Mind if I sit?
Okay.
Uh...
I never got the chance to say
how sorry I was about your dad.
Uh...
How's your eye?
Hmm?
I mean...
[CHUCKLES] Oh.
I know what you mean.
Kristi says
it's healing pretty good.
You gonna tell me what happened?
No.
So I guess you heard
about my mom.
Do you think it's true?
She thinks it is.
And that scares
the shit out of me.
Why?
Because every time someone here
feels like they have a purpose.
that they've
discovered the truth.
somebody always ends up dead.
But there is a truth here.
There has to be.
JULIE: Why?
Why can't this whole place
just be some random
fucking cruelty
that exists for no reason
other than to do
exactly what it's doing?
Look. I know you want to believe
that this is all
some part
of God's fucked-up plan.
I do.
Okay. great.
So. explain to me
why you don't have an eye.
We are all being tested.
So. part of your test
is getting mutilated?
Sorry.
I'm an asshole.
There is a truth
behind all of this.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
But you know
how this place wins?
It's by throwing
so many lies at you
that you don't
believe the truth.
even when it's staring you
right in the face.
[SIGHS]
[MUSIC FADES]
[HENRY SCOFFS SOFTLY]
It isn't right
what you're doing. you know?
So you said.
Filling people's heads
with nonsense
and telling my son
that his mother is...
[FALTERS]
It isn't right.
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
Have you talked to Tabitha yet?
Have I talked
to the woman you claim
is a reincarnation
of my dead wife?
[SIGHS] No.
I haven't had the chance.
She was out earlier
when I stopped by.
[GLASS THUDS]
You know. maybe if you cut down
a little on the...
[HEART RATE MONITOR BEEPING]
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
What? What is it?
Do you hear that?
Uh...
[MUSIC RISES]
[BEEPING GETS FASTER]
He's back.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[HENRY GROANS]
DOCTOR: Henry?
[GROANS]
Blink twice if you can hear me.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[MUMBLES]
VICTOR: Dad?
What?
Dad?
Hi.
V...VICTOR: Dad? Stay with me.
Henry? Henry?
Hey. Henry.
What is it?
What just happened? Huh?
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What just happened?
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
I need to go.
[SNIFFS]
[MUSIC FADES]
Let me do it.
What?
Let me be the one to go outside.
BOYD: No. look.
you've done enough.
I just need to make sure
that people are standing
by their doors to let me in.
just in case things go sideways.
I killed my brother.
I tried to murder a little boy.
Nothing I do
will ever be enough.
Well. tonight is your night off.
We go down into those tunnels.
that's when I'll need you.
Be careful. Boyd.
You just make sure
you're standing
by that door. okay?
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUTTERING INCANTATION
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[WHISPERS] It's time to play.
[MUSIC RISES]
[BELL CLANGING]
Okay.
[DOOR OPENS]
[GROANS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Nice.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Hey. Hey. what are you doing?
Yoga. The fuck does it
look like I'm doing?
Let's get back in bed.
Please.
Okay.
Drive me fucking insane. [SIGHS]
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
What are you
even doing down here?
I thought you were upstairs
working on
that project of yours.
We're a little shorthanded.
Ellis and Kenny
are helping Boyd in town.
Right.
I can't just
fucking lay here anymore.
Okay. well. you have to.
At least for now.
[SIGHS]
FATIMA: I'm sorry.
No. you're not.
Your bedside manner sucks.
[FATIMA SIGHS]
Donna. if this thing
with Jade and Tabitha.
if that's real.
after everything
you've survived here.
you really want to die
right before
we all get to go home
because you were too stubborn
to lay in bed for a minute?
You never used to be this sassy.
Well. I gave birth
to a fucking monster. so...
people change.
Yeah.
They do.
[DOOR CLOSES]
You're staying here tonight?
SOPHIA: Is that okay?
I heard what Boyd
was planning in town.
and I would just rather
not be down there tonight.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
Those creatures terrify me.
Well. you're not alone.
Welcome to Colony House.
Thank you.
[BELL RINGS]
Hey. he tell you the plan?
Yeah.
All right. I talked
to everybody in all the houses.
We're all set.
[SIGHS]
Okay.
Let's get ready.
All right.
I figure we'll give 'em
an hour or so after nightfall.
Let 'em get settled out there.
Make 'em think
it's just a normal night.
Dad.
What's going on?
Um... [SMACKS LIPS]
I should be the one
to go out there tonight.
What? No.
[ELLIS CLEARS THROAT]
Hey. look. it makes more sense.
Why?
KENNY: I'm your second.
Right? I'm your second.
These are the things
that I'm supposed to do
so you don't have to.
That's why.
No. I appreciate it.
But it's my plan. my risk.
Dad. what if
something goes wrong?
We can't afford
to lose you here.
Oh. so we can afford
to lose Kenny?
That's not what he's saying.
You know that.
Listen. we're not
having this conversation.
Dad.
I am not having
this conversation.
Dad. you can't fucking do it.
Look. it's not safe
for you to go out there.
not in your condition.
My--
Okay. what happens...
What if your leg gives out?
Huh? Like last time.
what if you can't get back up?
Listen to me very carefully.
Both of you. listen.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
I'm not sending anyone out there
and risk their life
while I sit in here like a--
Fucking stop it!
Goddammit!
Stop it.
[GROANS]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SIGHS]
Dad. please.
Please.
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[SWING CREAKS]
We've got a few more coming.
BOYD: Where?
ELLIS: Right there.
You see 'em?
Yeah. I got 'em.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
BOYD: Look.
You remember...
[TENDER MUSIC PLAYING]
...if you can't make it
back here to the station.
you got escape routes
up and down the street.
Every house has got somebody
waiting at the door for you.
And if you can't make it
to one of those houses.
we got talismans on the church.
the bus.
the diner. and the barn.
So you find
the safest route you can.
and hey. you run.
I got it.
Kenny. look at me.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
I'll be okay.
All right.
Okay.
ELLIS: Hey. we got one
or two more coming up the road.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUTTERING INCANTATION
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[ROGER BREATHES SHAKILY]
[MUSIC RISES]
[BREATHES RAPIDLY]
[SCREAMS]
[STITCHES TEAR]
Yeah. I think we got one.
[MUSIC FALLS]
BOYD: Still too far.
Wait till he's closer.
Boyd. that's close enough.
ELLIS: Okay. Okay.
the rest of them are spread out.
It's a good time. Let's go.
KENNY: Hey.
I'm ready.
Fast and dirty.
You stab. you run.
Don't wait to see what happens.
You ready?
[BREATHES DEEPLY] Yeah.
Three. two...
[GROANS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
I think it worked.
All right. come on.
[SHRIEKS]
[WAILS]
[GASPS]
[MUSIC FALLS]
Just kidding.
[MUSIC RISES]
[GRUNTS]
Get out of there!
ELLIS: Dad.
they're blocking the doors.
No!
This isn't going
very well. is it?
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[MUSIC FALLS]
[GASPS SOFTLY]
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
[PANTS]
[MUSIC RISES]
[BELL TOLLING]
I think you have
a problem. Kenny.
[BELL TOLLING]
Oh. no.
I killed your father. you know.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
He made such funny noises.
Do you make funny noises?
[SHRIEKS]
Don't!
[HISSES]
[KENNY GRUNTS]
[MUSIC RISES]
[GRUNTS. PANTS]
[MUSIC FALLS]
[GROANS]
[HAUNTING MUSIC PLAYING]
[BELL RINGING]
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
[SNARLS]
[SCREAMS]
Door! Door!
[ROGER SNARLING]
MAN: Oh. God.
[INDISTINCT CLAMORING]
[ROGER SNARLING]
Roger! Please don't do this.
I know you're in there!
I know you're still inside!
I know you're still in there!
[GROANS]
[SHRIEKS]
[WHIMPERS]
What the fuck just happened?
What just happened?
[MUSIC RISES]
[MUSIC FADES]
[CLOSING THEME PLAYING]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm